[vcpkg docs] Add the procedure for updating vcpkg to faq (#17257)
microsoft/vcpkg: docs/about/faq.md

## Does Vcpkg run on Linux/OSX?
Yes! We continuously test on OSX and Ubuntu 16.04, however we know users have been successful with Arch, Fedora, and FreeBSD. If you have trouble with your favorite Linux distribution, let us know in an issue and we'd be happy to help!

> ## How do I update vcpkg itself?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I update vcpkg?
```

The word "itself" is redundant, IMO.

Author: Updated, thanks for your review!

> You can execute `git pull` to get latest source, then run `bootstrap-vcpkg.bat` (Windows) or `./bootstrap-vcpkg.sh` (Unix) to update vcpkg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute `git pull` to get the latest sources, then run `bootstrap-vcpkg.bat` (Windows) or `./bootstrap-vcpkg.sh` (Unix) to update vcpkg.
```

More active wording

Author: Updated, thanks!

> You can execute `git pull` to get latest source, then runing bootstrap-vcpkg.bat(on Windows) or bootstrap-vcpkg.sh(on Unix) to update vcpkg.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can execute `git pull` to get latest source, then runing `bootstrap-vcpkg.bat` (Windows) or `./bootstrap-vcpkg.sh` (Unix) to update vcpkg.
```

> You can execute `git pull` to get latest source, then runing bootstrap-vcpkg.bat(on Windows) or bootstrap-vcpkg.sh(on Unix) to update vcpkg.

Reviewer 3: "... then *run* ..."
